Add pre-apply task stage information for a Run (#108)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/run-tasks.mdx

## Understanding Run Tasks Within a Run

Run tasks perform actions between the [plan](/cloud-docs/run/states#4-the-plan-stage) and [apply](/cloud-docs/run/states#9-the-apply-stage) stages of a [Terraform run](/cloud-docs/run). Once all run tasks have completed, the run will end based on the most restrictive enforcement level in each associated run task.

> For example, if a mandatory task fails and an advisory task succeeds, the run will fail. If an advisory task fails, but a mandatory task succeeds, the run will succeed and proceed to the apply stage. Regardless of the exit status of a task, Terraform Cloud displays the status and any related message data in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if a mandatory task fails and an advisory task succeeds, the run fails. If an advisory task fails, but a mandatory task succeeds, the run succeeds and proceeds to the apply stage. Regardless of the exit status of a task, Terraform Cloud displays the status and any related message data in the UI.
```

Suggest removing 2 instances of "will" and changing associated verbs to present tense to avoid future tense and to keep consistent with the present tense in the rest of the sentences.
